# gen
Welcome to the technical documentation of the gen package.
The purpose of the gen package is to generate a new vending machine.
The information pertaining to the vending machine is stored in the database table **machine**.
Each time the main function is run, gen should be called to create a new machine.
To get this to work properly, gen should first erase all data in the machine table.
Then, gen generates new data and writes it to the machine table.

>package gen // import "github.com/Tony-Moon/project-0/gen"


## Functions in gen

>func Generate(rows int, columns int, max int) ([]string, []string, []int)
    Generate is the main function inside the gen package. Really, Generate
    should be the only function in the gen package to be called outside of the
    gen and the gen_test package. Additionally, it should only be called once,
    at the start of main.go inside the main package. Generate should be called
    to generate an index, beverage type and a stock amount for each row in the
    vending machine. First the table needs to be cleared of all data. Then, the
    "make" family of methods should be called and return a slice. Generate
    should send those slices to be written into the database table. Finally,
    Generate has a catch if it is sent a zero or less. It does not make sense to
    have a vending machine with zero rows or zero stock capacity.

>func MakeIndex(rows int, columns int) []string
    MakeIndex generates an index key for the database. The key is a letter
    followed by a number (such as A3). A vending machine can have multiple rows
    (denoted by the letter) and multiple columns (denoted by the number).
    main.go in the main package specifies how many rows and columns the vending
    machine will have. The index will always start at "A1."

    >func ToCharStr(i int) string
        ToCharStr increments the letter for each new row.

>func MakeBeverage(rows int, columns int) []string
    MakeBeverage generates a slice that denotes which beverage goes where. To
    accomplish this, It first pulls all possible beverages from the *drinklist*
    table. The *drinklist* table is seporated into three brands. To mimic real
    life, only one company can own a vending machine. MakeBeverage uses UseSeed
    to pick a brand at random. Then, MakeBeverage will pull all drinks made by
    that brand. Drinks have varying popularity in the real world. To reflect
    that, each beverage has a "weight." The higher the weight, the more likely
    that beverage will make it to the list. MakeBeverage uses UseSeed in a loop
    to randomly choose a beverage for each element in the slice. The slice is
    then ordered alphabetically so all of the same kind of drinks are together.
    MakeBeverage returns the ordered slice and brand chosen for the vending
    machine.

>func MakeStock(rows int, columns int, max int) []int
    MakeStock generates a slice that wil tell the database how many of each
    drink is in the row. It accomplishes this by creating a random integer,
    using UseSeed, between 0 and a maximum specified by main.go in the main
    package. It chooses a new integer for each element in the slice MakeStock
    returns.

>func UseSeed(min int, max int) int
    UseSeed creates a random integer between a specified minumum and a specified
    maximum. It uses the current time as the seed so it will not duplicate the
    same number sequence.

>func WriteTo(db *sql.DB, index []string, beverage []string, stock []int, br string)
    WriteTo takes the slices generated by MakeBeverage, MakeStock and MakeIndex
    and puts them into the *machine* table one at a time. Additionally, it also
    places the brand into the table. The format will be *index, beverage name,
    amount of stock, brand name*.